~B~1~PList of Head Moderators, Super Moderators, Moderators, and Guides as
of March 25, 2008~B~2


~4~BOverview:~0~B

~2-Moderators are volunteers that are present in the game to help players
and enforce the SOE rules (i.e. Moderator Rules Guidelines found in Help/F1
menu).

-Contacting moderators can be done by using the ?help command (?help player
is TKing me), adding the !911 chat (?chatadd !911) or by searching for them
individually (?find Un0me) and private messaging them.

?help Command: When using this command always remember to put a reason after
it. It helps moderators to react more quickly to your request. These
requests are seen immediately by local moderators and by global ones upon
checking the list. Abuse of this command is punishable.

!911 Chat: Only enter this chat for rule violation reports. This is not a
tech support or guidance chat, it is for emergency use only. Upon entry to
the chat you must immediately state your purpose in the chat and ?chatdrop
!911 as soon as you are done or when a moderator asks you to drop the chat.

Private Messaging: There are no rules for this method of contact. It is best
suited for receiving lengthy help from available moderators.

-Moderators do not operate in private areas of the game. This includes
private messages, private chats, private arenas, league zones, etc. A common
misconception is that moderators can provide permits to league zones. This
is incorrect, only a league's staff can assist you with everything league
related.

-Moderators are not in any way game developers or station administrators.
More specifically, players should not contact moderators for concerns
related to gameplay features, game updates, account problems, etc. For
gameplay matters such as bug reports and development ideas, players should
post about them on the Station Pass forums (http://forums.station.sony.com/station/forums/list.m?category_id=27). 
For tech support or any other direct SOE customer service, players should 
visit the Help section on the Station Pass website (http://www.station.sony.com/en/services/help/help.jsp).

-Guides are present to assist moderators in catching rule violations and
helping players with technical questions. Guides are not powered, but in
many aspects carry the same authority as moderators. When requests are made
by guides, attention and respect should be given to them, same as
moderators.

-Complaints relating to guides and moderators should be submitted using the
Email Support Form (www.station.sony.com/kb), as well as directly to the 
Head Moderator via Email (~4~Bheadmod@gmail.com~0~7). 



~0~BHead Moderator~0~B
~6hung
Military Police~0

~0~BSuper Moderators~0~B
~6Big Bad Daddio
BloodySmile
Demote
Killa Blues
shadowclown
Un0me
Water~0


~0~BModerators~0~B
~6Allustrious
Bluemyst
Cyp
ExTrEmE(1)
Jassy
JDaWG
M][nd Game
michowns2004
Oni
Perceptor
Templar
Veteran
Yeh~0


~0~BGuides~0~B
~6A Weapon
Combat Ace
Shawnv~0


